Feature/dm 554/lwm2 m x509 support feature change log (#1601)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/changes-device-management/cl-device-management.md

If the new <b>LWM2M configuration</b> tab is not displayed and the <b>LWM2M bootstrap parameters</b> tab is displayed instead, the LWM2M agent is installed in an older version that does not yet support the new tab. [DM-342]

#### -Feature- LWM2M: X.509 security mode support

> LwM2M device connection with X.509 certificates are now supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LWM2M device connections with X.509 certificates are now supported.
```

> The X.509 security mode can be selected separately for Bootstrap Server and LWM2M Server either by using the device registration or for existing devices by using the new LWM2M configuration tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The X.509 security mode can be selected separately for the Bootstrap server and the LWM2M server either during device registration or, for existing devices, by using the new **LWM2M configuration** tab.
```

The Certificate Authority that issued device certificates must be added and enabled in [trusted certificates](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/managing-device-data/#managing-trusted-certificates) in the tenant.

Together with this change also the following changes are introduced:

> ##### Separate security mode for Bootstrap and LWM2M Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Separate security mode for Bootstrap and LWM2M server
```

> Now all LWM2M device security modes can be selected separetely for Bootstrap Server and LWM2M Server connections. This can be defined either during the device registration or using LWM2M configuration tab of the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now all LWM2M device security modes can be selected separately for Bootstrap server and LWM2M server connections. This can be defined either during the device registration or using the **LWM2M configuration** tab of the device.
```

> ##### Disable authentication for Bootstrap Server or LWM2M server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Disable authentication for Bootstrap or LWM2M server
```

> Using LWM2M configuration -> Connectivity, the Boostrap Server or LWM2M Server connection can be disabled for a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under **Connectivity** in the **LWM2M configuration** tab, the Bootstrap or LWM2M server connection can be disabled for a device.
```

> ##### PSK generated option for LWM2M server security mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### PSK-generated option for LWM2M server security mode
```

> During device registration, the "PSK generated" option can be selected for LWM2M Server connection to make LWM2M agent to generate the PSK ID and PSK key credentials for the device. These will be set to the device during the bootstrap process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, during device registration, the "PSK generated" option is selected for the LWM2M server connection, the LWM2M agent will generate the PSK ID and PSK key credentials for the device. These will be set to the device during the bootstrap process.
```
